Constructor injection is just like setter injection.
We go through and create our bean instance just like we had before.
Instead of calling the setter, we call the defined constructor.
Our bean that we had written before where we would call
the getCustomerRepository instance would now be used in
the constructor of that bean.
Very simple.
And, again, like setter injection,
some of the mystery of what Spring is doing behind the scenes is removed
using the Java configuration because it looks just like the Java code that
you would do normally inside of an application.
The one difference being that now we have this stored in the container,
and we're not passing objects around.
We can pull them from the framework using the bean,
the get bean aliases, with these bean names that we have defined in our objects.
Moving back to our IDE,
it's really easy to now switch this over to using constructor injection.
I'm going to open up our SpeakerServiceImpl and add
a constructor inside of here.
So I'm going to go ahead and say public SpeakerServiceImpl and pass in a
constructor that takes an instance of a SpeakerRepository and give that the
camel case naming convention of that instance.
And I'm going to assign this to repository = speakerRepository, and save this.
Now we have our instance stored inside of here that is going
to be injected using setter injection.
We can go over to our AppConfig, and you'll notice that on line 13,
we broke our configuration down.
That's fine because we're going to go ahead and fix
that to use that correct injection.
I'm going to comment out line 14, and I'm going to comment it out,
not delete it so that you can see it for a reference compared
to what we did with the setter injection.
I want to just go ahead and call getSpeakerRepository right here and save it.
So now as we create this bean,
we're going to call the getSpeakerRepository bean and inject that in
through constructor injection into our SpeakerServiceImpl.
Let's go ahead and run our application again.
I'm going to switch over to Application and right-click on our main and say Run.
And you should see it now export out Bryan, which it does.
You may be thinking this is magic and it didn't run.
You're more than welcome to go ahead and add some
system.outprintlns or debug and step through it,
but it's going through and using this constructor injection.
One of the biggest mistakes I see people make is in this code for our injection,
they start trying to do crafty things and go ahead and create
some variables and hang onto some stuff here.
That's what Spring does for you.
Whenever I see new people doing stuff with Spring,
they try to be smarter than the framework and create some
instances here and pass some stuff in.
One of the guys I recently taught about Spring was trying to create his own
singleton when Spring did these singleton services for you.
Don't do anything magical.
Just wire up the beans how you would use them and let the framework do that for you.